hi there my name is Peter hagas and I'm
the developer of pad bored I'd like to
give you a quick preview and tell you
what it's all about pad board is a
collaborative whiteboarding application
for ipad pad board is perfect for
brainstorming sharing ideas doing grip
sketches or just having fun drawing with
your friends to begin tap pad board on
the home screen when pet board launches
you are given two options either connect
to another ipad or draw on your own in
solo mode for the purposes of this
demonstration I'll show to you in
Sullivan when you launch you the drawing
area you're presented with a large
interactive canvas and that's it you can
draw with your finger effortlessly like
so I'm not super great at cursive let's
explore the options at the top of the
toolbar on the far right we have buttons
for both the markers and the eraser
tapping eraser switches us into eraser
mode where we can erase anything tapping
markers brings up the marker chooser and
selecting one puts us into mark kermode
we also find control over penn sizes
when drawing and erasing next we have a
compose button which allows us to send
our pad bored document to anyone via
email let's just shoot this off further
left we have three buttons save clear
and load save saves our current document
to the iPad photo clear allowing us to
erase the current document and start
from scratch and load allows us to load
any image from the safety images library
including one safe from other
applications let's try to clear this
image and load it in when we saved it
perfect now let's go to the left side of
the toolbar the first button here reads
connect this allows us to connect to
another user running the application
when two people are in connect mode one
of them just has to pick the other when
you're connected in drawing now let's
say you were drawing before connecting
to the other person all you have to do
is tap share work and you'll send it to
them I hope you've enjoyed this preview
of pad bored
pad board will be available at the iPad
app store grand opening this saturday
april third I look forward to giving you
all a more elaborate look at the
application after lunch thanks so much
for watching and stay tuned for more
from Peter hinges software for more
information please visit peter hey just
calm / pad bored all the links are in
the video description thanks again and